Q.1) What are the Types of Control Statements?
1. Decision-Taking and Loop Making
2. Decision-Giving and Loop Taking
3. Decision-Making and Loop Statements 
4.Decision-Making and Loop Control
Correct Option: 3

Q.2) Which C control statement is used to execute a block of code repeatedly as long as a specified condition is true?
1.if statement
2.switch statement
3.for loop
4.do-while loop
Correct Option: 4

Q.3) Which C statement allows looping as long as a condition is true?
1.while
2.if
3.switch
4.for
Correct Option: 1

Q.4) Why if...else statement is used in C Programming?
1. To use if statements
2. To perform actions when there are only two possible options(True or False)
3. To execute False body
4.To execute True and False body
Correct Option: 2

Q.5) Can an else statement exist without a corresponding if statement in nested if...else statements?
1. No
2. Yes
3. May be
4.None
Correct Option: 1

Q.6) How conditions are evaluated in all statements including if...else if statement ?
1. From Bottom to Top
2. As We Want
3. From Right to Left or Left to Right
4. From the Top to Bottom 
Correct Option: 4

Q.7) Why Iteration is used in control statement of C Programming?
1. To Perform different  task for a number of times
2. To Perform identical task for a number of times
3. To Perform task 
4.To perform numbers of task at once
Correct Option: 4

Q.8) Which is the syntax of for Loop?
1. for(counter_intitialization; test_condition; increament or decreament) {statements; or body of loop;}
2. for(counter_intitialization; test_condition; increament or decreament){statements or body of loop }
3. for(counter_intitialization; test_condition; increament or decreament); {statements; or body of loop;}
4.for(counter_intitialization; test_condition; increament or decreament); {statements; or body of loop}
Correct Option: 1

Q.9) Which of them are exit-controlled loop and entry controlled loop?
1. do while loop and while loop
2. while loop and do-while loop
3. do-while loop and while loop
4. for loop and while loop
Correct Option: 3

Q.10) Which statement is used for termination of testing condition and what is it's Syntax ?
1. Stop statement and Stop("test_condition");
2. Break Statement and Break;
3. break Statement and break
4.break Statement and break;
Correct Option: 4